NARRATOR: Coming up, juicy gossip--
The fan sites are all buzzing
about Abby dating.
She has two boyfriends.
NARRATOR: --some
out-of-control Dance Moms--
You have to put off a tough
front with these bitches.
You have to be--
NARRATOR: --and smack talkin' super-fans.
This is our chance to be dance moms.
When Christie's in the room, she's very,
like, that's right little girl, dance.
NARRATOR: Plus, joining us onstage,
our very own Dance Moms divas,
Christie and Kelly, are here.
- You two had a pretty huge blowout.
- I don't know if she's 100% on my side.
NARRATOR: This is Dance Moms Chatter.
I never thought I'd be Team Black Patsy,
but if you're calling her [bleep], Abby,
I might get on board.
(SINGING) Get up. Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls
living on the dance floor.
[audience cheering]
Hi, I'm Jeff Collins.
Welcome to Dance Moms Chatter.
We've got some cast members here,
we have some comedians
who are also super-fans of the show.
Plus, we've got fan-favorite clips
that I know you're going to want to see.
So, it wouldn't be Dance Moms
without some Abby Lee Miller drama.
So take a look at this collection of clips
I put together for you.
You will not get past this front desk
without these being assigned.
- Where's Kelly's?
- Kelly called me names.
Kelly quit. Kelly boo-hooed,
and her kids are lazy slugs.
We're trying to stand behind Brooke
in her decision, and we wondered--
Well, I didn't hear any [bleep].
Go. There's the door, right there.
Abby, I wish it were that easy.
And if that's really what you want,
then we will.
- That's not what I want, but--
- I didn't think that's what you wanted.
- I don't either.
- Dih-dih-dih-dih-dih-dih-dih-dih!
- The other mom's can't--
- Your kid is a brat.
I'm about this far from falling the duet.
No. She needs to do the duet to prove to
you that she is capable of dancing,
and dancing well through pain.
I know, but your mouth is ugly, woman.
You are a monstrosity of evil.
- You want to talk about ugliness.
- You're done. You're done.
No duet.
What you say goes.
You don't care about the kids.
You don't care about anybody but yourself.
That's terrible.
Why would I be in this business
if I didn't care about their futures?
JILL: Well then why don't--
- You're the one that screwed her up.
Every opportunity I have given you
came from my heart.
That was awful, Maddie.
I don't deserve that.
I didn't deserve any of it.
There's always another kid.
There's always somebody else.
We love you.
We were ready to work with you.
And you sat out there...
I'm sorry.
Why didn't you get out of the car and go,
"No, I'm going in there."
Done.
[gasp]
[bleep] you, Abby.
You don't need him for the competition.
I told you to do it for today.
All right, without conflict
there wouldn't be any show.
And these two lovely ladies
know all about conflict.
Please welcome fan-favorites
dueling dance moms, Christi and Kelly.
[audience cheering]
There's been a lot of crazy stuff
that's happened this season.
The fan sites are all buzzing,
the blogs are buzzing about Abby dating.
And we hear, via the fans,
that she has not one boyfriend,
but two boyfriends.
One boyfriend in each city.
No, wait a minute.
What do you consider a boyfriend?
- Now, this is not--
- Someone who's willing to talk to her?
CHRISTI: I don't know. Is bus driver Jim
considered a boyfriend?
I don't know, he takes her out
every Friday night.
- Does he really?
- Yes, he does!
Every Friday night when we travel,
when we arrive at our destination
he takes her to the movies on the bus.
There's been a lot of chatter
about Abby's guy in LA.
KELLY: I don't think Abby
has a boyfriend in LA.
I think that Abby has a friend in LA,
a friend who is interested in being
in the tabloids and things like that.
Like, if I can make it to the papers,
I'll grab your ass.
...and there's people there taking
pictures, why not grab her ass?
That's the way to get in the tabloids.
Ew.
JEFF: Wow.
I don't think that actually means
they're boyfriend-girlfriend.
All right, so Abby's love life
isn't the only shocker this season.
You two had a pretty huge blowout
which we talked about
on the reunion show a little bit.
So in case anybody in the world
missed it, take a look.
I don't even want to hear it, Christi,
because, remember, I'm a bad friend.
- You know what? You are.
- When I sat here--
--the entire week you were gone,
and stuck up for you. Whatever.
You didn't call me because you
were pissed off about something else.
That shows me
that you're really not a good friend.
Believe me, Christi,
I won't be your friend, ever.
Oh, because I kiss everyone's ass
to get my kid ahead.
- You do! You do.
- No, I don't. [bleep] you, Kelly.
[bleep] you.
Ooh. You know, I have to say,
nobody says "F you" like Christi.
Oh, good, thank you.
Although, Kelly's pretty good at it.
- I know, yours is my favorite.
- Oh, thanks. [bleep] [bleep].
I want to know--
I want to know something.
Is there any kind of residual
to what it was that happened
that still lingers, or is it all gone?
I don't know.
That's a really hard question.
True friends are really hard to come by,
and I thought that we had that.
And I hope that we can still have that,
but there's always going
to be a part of me
that is going to feel like
I don't know if she's 100% on my side.
How does that make you feel, hearing that?
Well, you know,
that's Kelly's perception of it.
I can't say that you're wrong or you're
right because perception is reality.
So, you know,
I guess every day we kind of just move
forward and say, this is what's going on.
Gaining Kelly's trust
is something that you don't take lightly.
I know that you don't always
trust everyone.
I don't.
You know, I think my relationship
with Christi--
we never had these problems.
And then, when this happened, I think
I just know where I stand with her now.
All right, well, clearly you two have had
some really rough times on the show.
And you've put up with a lot, and you've
sacrificed a lot to be on the show.
So let's take a look at this clip and see
what your thoughts are on the back side.
[piano music]
I think Pappy would be really happy
with your performance today.
It's hard to see Kelly crying, thinking
about the hard times she went through
when her father had prostate cancer.
And what really hit home to me is that
people come and go
so quickly in your life.
And, you know, I love Kelly.
She's like a sister.
And even if you don't
always like your sister,
you always love your sister.
I know.
Awe, see?
That's what the fans want.
- Come on, hug it out. Hug it out.
- Come here, Kelly.
- Awe.
- They're still best friends.
Yay!
Fans of the show can't seem to get
enough of Dance Moms drama,
and my next two guests are no exception.
Please welcome two super-fans
of the show,
two very funny ladies,
comedian and actress Lisa Arch
and pop culture goddess Nadine Rajabi.
[audience cheering]
Welcome. Have a seat. How are you?
- Good, how are you? Before we start.
- Have a seat.
I just want you to know that I'm such a
super-fan of the show
that I always wear leg warmers.
[Kelly screams]
Always. At all times.
Can I ask them a question?
Okay, this is my burning question.
Do you have time to do anything ever?
CHRISTI: Other than dance?
- Seriously, like your--
I'm going to tell you. I started watching
the show, and my goal instantly became
to never let my son be good at anything.
Because I'd always spend
my fricking' weekends
following him to competitions!
- First of all you can never hang.
LISA: What--
What do you mean she couldn't hang?
You couldn't hang, if her goal's
not to have him be a superstar.
She doesn't want him to be mediocre.
You can hang with me,
because my kids are mediocre.
You know, as Abby always says,
I settle for mediocre.
There was one episode where
you were crying because you were like,
I just have to get home and do my laundry.
- And there's Cheerios everywhere!
KELLY: Yeah.
So when does that happen?
One thing is we have very good husbands.
And, you know, we do have to hire people
to take over some of our jobs.
Unfortunately, Christi and I
are not as fortunate as Melissa.
- Who hires somebody to do--
- To do everything.
Like, oh, I need somebody
to brush my teeth.
All right, so listen. Kelly and Christi's
blow up may have registered
a 9.5 on the Richter scale,
but mom-on-mom rage
has been a staple of
Dance Moms since day one.
Take a look at this.
That's more important to me than her
doing a dance with seniors
that has known this dance all season,
and Abby's throwing it on her
in one night.
Listen. You're yelling at me
when you're mad at Abby.
Don't be mad at me because
she didn't learn the number.
Jill, you have nothing to do with it.
- So butt out.
JILL: I understand that.
- So shut your mouth.
- My point exactly.
What the [bleep] does it have to do
with Jill?
Kelly, stop it.
- You!
JILL: What is wrong with you?
I don't care what you have to say.
Then if you don't care
what I have to say--
HOLLY: I don't care what you have to say.
- Then you need to be quiet.
- Because this has nothing to do with you.
- No one tells me what to do, Cathy.
You may as well stick your hand up her
butt and be her ventriloquist.
Who lies all the time? You.
Who had an affair with her boss?
Who is living with a man
who is still married?
That's it.
I did not have an affair with my boss.
KELLY: Yes, you did!
- [bleep] you. I did not! [bleep] bitch.
- And how old are you, double chin?
- Not as old as you.
Who would know with all the work
you've had done?
- Watch your ugly mouth.
- Ugly mouth. Watch it. Watch it.
Everybody thinks you're a man, but--
CHRISTI: Love that little crooked finger.
[interposing voices]
I don't want to look at you
when I talk to you.
--you can't look me in the eye and--
I'm looking you in the eye, bitch.
Bitch. Let's go. Let's go.
I think it's hilarious
that you're "fat Christi."
- I'm fat Christi.
- That was not me that said that.
- That was Asia.
CHRISTI: Yeah.
Actually, Asia called me
fat Christi on the bus.
- That child called you that?
- Absolutely.
She said, my mom's skinny Christy.
- Yes.
- Fat Christi.
KELLY: That's why I referred to her as--
LISA: Well, it was very funny--
I prefer brazenly plump Christi,
but whatever.
LISA: That's nice.
- You just don't have the cannons.
Wait, she's kind of built
like this martini glass--
tiny waist, big old boobs.
Here we go.
Do do do do do,
I'm going to kick your ass.
When Christie's in the room she's very,
like, that's right little girl. Dance.
- No, no. Work. Work
KELLY: Oh, and she always wants.
LISA: Yes, that is--
- Now, would she scare you?
Would she scare you? Because some of
the moms have said they're scared of her.
- Which-- She scares me.
LISA: I mean, she's terrifying.
I think what's scary about her is that
she's, like, don't get in my way.
I will have your ass.
She just looks like she's--
she's very put together, and, like,
pristine, but she looks like--
She's a bodybuilder, you know,
and she's going to kick our asses.
But we're not that way.
She has, on multiple occasions,
said I'll take you outside.
--my mouth is my weapon
and I stop there.
Hi.
Welcome back to Dance Moms Chatter.
I'm here with dance moms Christi and Kelly
and super-fan comedians
Nadine Rajabi and Lisa Arch,
and we're dishing the dirt on Dance Moms.
There have been lots of new additions
to the Abby Lee Dance company
in the past couple of seasons,
but few have survived the hazing
they've gotten
from some of our veteran moms.
Let's just say--
- I don't know what talking about.
- Watch this.
- The new moms are here.
- The new moms? Okay.
- Bring them in.
- What? Hello.
- Hello. How are you?
- Hi!
- Great, how are you? I love your rings.
- Nice to see you. Hi!
- How are you?
- Good.
Does anybody have a nail file?
Should we get our cat claws ready?
You guys sit here,
and you complain and you complain.
And you bitch at Abby,
but you never move.
Pick up and move.
Maybe you will find something else.
You really, really, really like
to change studios.
So maybe you ought to change back and go
back to Studio 19 if it was so great.
You know what? Maybe it is.
- You played her.
- That's the name.
I call it like I see it. It's the truth.
Y'all are all liars.
You're liars, especially you.
- Oh, yeah. Okay.
KAYA: You are phoney as hell.
- So are you.
- From what I see, you're fake.
Who I am is exactly who I come across as.
Yeah, a bitch. That's what you are,
and I know you own it.
You don't know a thing, bitch.
I'll be that bitch.
Don't let the door hit your [bleep]
on the way out, then.
You want to watch your mouth because
I ain't the rest of these dance mamas.
I'm not a doctor like Holly, boo.
I'm from the hood.
- Believe that.
- Abby, are you gonna let this happen?
- I can't-- I don't use foul language.
CHRISTI: You're darn right we're bitter.
KAYA: I don't know how you
work with these parents.
All right, she's a fan favorite
of Dance Moms.
Please welcome Kaya, a.k.a.
Black Patsy.
JEFF: Woo, here she comes.
Wow.
How are you? You know I loves me
some Black Patsy.
KAYA: You better.
JEFF: Good to see you.
So for those of you who've been living
under a rock and don't know,
how did you
get the nickname Black Patsy?
[sighs] Well, my crazy mom thought
that I act like Patsy Ramsey with Nicaya,
so she started calling me Patsy.
When we started our
St. Louis dance studio,
they kind of thought
the same thing for some reason,
that I was like a Patsy.
So we had a white Patsy, an Italian Patsy,
and I became the Black Patsy.
- I wonder why they thought that?
JEFF: Nadine?
- I'll be Persian Patsy, then.
KAYA: Persian Patsy.
We get banana Patsy,
and color block Patsy--
I thought I was white Patsy.
I have a feeling that this
one is actually the nicest.
- I have a feeling--
KELLY: You're kidding me.
LISA: No, I really think that, deep down
inside, that you are the kindest.
And that you have to put it out there
that broadly because
it's really not you.
- She was provoked. She was provoked.
CHRISTI: Oh, my God.
CHRISTI: Are you saying--
- I really have to disagree.
CHRISTI: Lisa, are you saying
that she's sad inside?
No, I don't think she's sad inside.
I think she's shy inside.
CHRISTI: Oh, shy. You're shy inside.
- I really am.
Oh, my God!
Have you ever watched the show?
KAYA: I am shy inside!
- She's not shy!
You have to put on a tough front with
these bitches. You have to be tough.
- I mean bitch in a nice way.
- "These bitches."
KELLY: Okay, "these bitches."
- I mean it in the nicest way possible.
- Oh, I'm sure you do.
So Patsy, I've got a question for you.
So if you were able to come up
with nicknames for all the other moms,
have you ever thought about what would
the nicknames be that you might give them?
Let's start with these two.
What would their nicknames be?
Oh, well, let's start with us.
I know I have Mild-Mannered
Melissa and Holy Holly.
Oh!
KAYA: You would be Crazy Christi,
and you are Clonazepam Kelly.
- That's the anxiety med I take.
- What's Clonazepam?
KAYA: It's an anxiety medicine. She needs
that. She's Clonazepam Kelly.
8- That sounds like a cupcake.
JEFF: That's a drug. Clonazepam is a drug.
So, Patsy, what would you call Jill?
I don't know if I would call her.
I'm done talking with Jill at this point.
I'm about ready to
one-to-the-nose with her,
but I won't do that premeditated.
- So how about Cathy?
- I love Cathy.
KELLY: Oh, you don't love Cathy.
KAYA: She's cool, Cathy.
You didn't love Cathy
when you were on our team.
- Now all this--
- There'll be [bleep] Abby and Cool Cathy.
I never thought I'd be team Black Patsy,
but if you're calling her [bleep] Abby,
I might get on board.
JEFF: All right, so listen, Patsy. You had
some interesting encounters
with Christi and Kelly.
What do you think of
the old-school dance moms?
Be nice.
JEFF: Old school meaning
you were in new dance moms,
these were the old-school dance moms.
- So what do you think of these--
- Um, excuse me, young-school.
They were like a gang,
but they weren't willing
to jump new moms in that gang, either.
Normally gangs are kind of
welcoming to other people.
They were just like a gang. Like,
they didn't want me to be part of that.
So they were all crazy.
JEFF: Nadine and Lisa,
don't you love the way--
I love the way Patsy puts
everything into, like,
people are going to get jumped.
Somebody's about to get shanked.
- It's like--
- I didn't say "shanked."
Don't make me sound like prison Patsy,
okay.
- I didn't say "shanked."
JEFF: What do you think?
- Go ahead.
- Well, okay. First of all.
I think you'll agree to this.
I think you are very intimidating,
and I think coming into this group
that's been together for many years
would be a little scary to walk into.
Can I just defend these two ladies?
I feel like--
No! Not if you're on my couch.
You take your ass over there
if you want to defend them.
- Excuse me.
- You come sit by me, girlfriend.
- Bye bye.
- Come on over.
I feel like these ladies
were like the American Indians.
And then the pilgrims came,
and just ran them over.
- And, Patsy, it's not their fault!
CHRISTI: Word to your mother!
We all live in a tee-pee here.
You know, everything you just said, it's
clear, Kelly, you guys are intimidating.
You're a clique.
Whether or not you mean to be,
it's hard walking in to a room
where you guys are sitting.
I'd be terrified. So I think, maybe,
maybe shy Patsy just had her guard up
a little bit when she came in.
Oh, I don't know about that.
I think you have to be tough
to hang in there, and, so far,
a year later, I'm still hanging in there.
So, obviously, I made the cut.
Well, you know what, Patsy?
I give you a lot of credit
because we are tough bitches.
- You are some tough bitches!
CHRISTI: Welcome to the club!
You guys are from the hood, too,
aren't you?
Tough bitches.
Let's hear it for some tough bitches.
I'm here with dance moms
Kelly, Christi, and Kaya,
and we've got some super-fans
who also happen to be
incredible comedians,
Nadine Rajabi and Lisa Arch.
All right, so, Lisa and Nadine, you guys
claim to be super-fans of the show.
So let's put your Dance
Moms knowledge to the test.
It's time to play the $10 Pyramid,
that's right,
I said $10 because that's how
we roll here at Dance Moms.
Are you guys ready to play?
- I think so.
- Yes!
All right.
[game show theme music]
Here's what we're going to do.
I'm going to flip a square.
Emily's going to help me here.
JEFF: How about a hand for Emily?
You have a model to do this--
I have, not only a model,
I have a supermodel here.
- What kind of BS is that?
- I have a super here, this is Emily--
CHRISTI: She's doing it for the exposure.
- All right, fine. Fine.
All right. So here's what we're gonna do.
I'm gonna flip a square.
I'm gonna ask a question,
and the first one of you
to chime in and get the answer right--
CHRISTI: Are we allowed to play? Okay.
JEFF: --wins $10.
JEFF: So this is a game
for Nadine and Lisa, right?
- Oh, we can't play?
- We're not allowed to play?
- You already know the answers--
- You guys, just drink. Just drink.
- Take it as an opportunity to drink.
- This is our chance to be dance moms.
All right, so here's the first one.
All right, which of these sea creatures
did the dance moms say Abby looked like?
Was it Fudgie the Whale,
The Little Mermaid,
Free Willy, or Shamu?
Well, I know that it's not
The Little Mermaid, clearly.
And she might be Fudgie the Whale,
but I don't think she is.
And she's not Free Willy because
she's always stuck in the dance studio.
- But she's still a mammal, so she's
Shamu.
- Whoo!
JEFF: The answer is Shamu.
Ten dollars.
Did you see her? In that all black,
and she had four-inch white
stripe down the bottom of her.
Now, how could you not call her Shamu?
JEFF: Second question--
- Can she swim?
Cathy would slit her wrists
if Vivi did what instead of dance?
I know this answer, talk.
CHRISTI: No.
- No, is it baseball?
- Play baseball?
- Close! Close, the girl version.
- Softball!
- Softball.
LISA: Let the model do it, Jeff.
That's what she's there for.
Which historical figure has
not been the subject
of an Abby Lee Dance Company number.
Rosa Parks, Eva Peron, or Helen Keller?
So we know that Rosa Parks
was the big one.
NADINE RAJABI: Is it Eva Peron?
- I'll go with Nadine.
JEFF: And the answer is Eva Peron.
You're correct.
All right, so Abby said, "gimmicks are
great, the judges are looking for," blank.
Technique! Always technique.
- I had the answer.
- I was going to say the same.
That's what I was going to say.
JEFF: All right, here we go.
Let's do another one.
What was Christi afraid
Black Patsy would pull out?
Was it her thong, her teeth, or her weave?
I would think that Christi would be afraid
that Black Patsy would pull out
another $100,000 contract.
Amen!
LISA: I'm going to go
with her weave, clearly.
JEFF: Her weave?
- And I am not wearing a weave today.
- I am au naturel. Girl.
NADINE RAJABI: Girl.
And the answer is her weave.
Let me just say
that it's not "naturel," it's bleach.
- Well, of course it's bleach.
JEFF: Last question.
All right, according
to the other dance moms,
where did Jill get her blue fur vest?
- Cookie monster?
KELLY: Yes!
There is a naked Muppet
running around somewhere.
KELLY: She skinned a puppet.
CHRISTI: That poor, little, naked Muppet.
JEFF: All right. Thank you for playing.
So I have a question.
Where's our money?
- The check is in the mail.
- Check is the mail.
KELLY: Jeff always says that.
JEFF: All right, listen.
One of the things that fans love
to post about are your looks.
They seem to be obsessed with
your hair, with your clothes,
with your jewelry, with your shoes.
So who would you two say is
the most looks-obsessed
of all the dance moms? Who is it?
- CHRISTI: Jill.
- Absolutely Jill.
JEFF: Oh, that was an easy one, huh?
- Absolutely.
Who puts lip gloss on to get off the bus
at 5:00 PM on a Sunday?
Was she always like that,
even before there were cameras?
JEFF: Let's do this. We put together a
series of clips of Jill's fashion faux pas
so let's take a look at this, and
then, when we come out on the other side,
Lisa and Nadine,
you guys tell us what you think.
I feel like one of her outfits--
like, Tony the Tiger,
I'm convinced,
died for one of her sweaters.
Yeah.
Oh, the one with the blue eyes.
My favorite is cowboy Jill.
- Oh, mine too.
JEFF: Cowboy Jill.
- You can't take her seriously--
JEFF: The cowboy hat?
You cannot take her seriously
with the cowboy hat.
In interviews, too. That's the best part.
She's in full character.
Where she finds the [bleep],
I don't know.
For me, there's nothing
better than a turtleneck
with a full a necklace of crystals.
It's like she raided Elizabeth
Taylor's closet after she died,
and, like, put everything on all at once.
What's that old thing they used to say?
Look in the mirror and take one thing off?
With Jill, it should be look in the mirror
and take everything off.
No, Jill looks in the mirror
and puts three things on.
Abby herself has undergone some changes
over the last seasons--
CHRISTI: Oh, ho ho!
JEFF: --I would say. Isn't that fair?
- Oh, fair.
- So let's check out some of Abby's looks.
- Take a look.
- Oh, god.
I'm not going to be nice. Oh!
So, ladies, what do you think
about that look?
She looks like Rosie O'Donnell's
stepsister.
- Let's see the next one.
- I mean, that's clearly--
I need a little lipstick. I've got to
floof up the hair, no more headbands.
So that's just her evolving.
Let's take a look at the next one.
Here we go.
- Whoa!
CHRISTI: Oh, oh.
Okay, so now, that is the full evolution.
That is, I have now become, oh.
I'm wearing the fur--
hopefully it's faux fur.
LISA: She's got the sunglasses.
She's got the lips. She's got the bag.
Full evolution.
It's very, sort of, John Belushi
playing Elizabeth Taylor, isn't it?
NADINE RAJABI: It is. It is.
LISA: A little bit.
We're here with dance moms Christi,
Kelly, Kaya,
plus super-fan comedians
Lisa Arch and Nadine Rajabi.
I love to say your name.
That's so much fun.
All right. It seems like the competition
has really been heating up this season.
Let's take a look at the meltdown moments.
Good job!
Oh.
Just so you know, Abby's going to come
in here. It's going to be awful.
Nice job, Chloe. Huh!
- Nice job.
- Let's go. We're leaving.
You want Chloe gone? We're gone.
You get your way.
You can have whoever you--
I look about three months pregnant there.
- No, she didn't.
- And then drops her hat. Yes, she did.
- No, she didn't. You know what--
- Yes, she did.
You go ahead and replace me. I'm leaving.
I'm not going to make a scene with you.
ABBY: Oh, that's the easy way out, right?
- No. I'm done. I'm done.
This is not what I signed up for,
humiliation for my daughter.
I didn't humiliate her! She humiliated
herself when she fell out of the turn.
Shut up. Shut up. Stop talking now.
Replace us. That's fine. Come on, Chlo.
We're done.
- She was completely confident.
- Yeah.
And she wanted to prove
to her dance teacher
that she was strong enough
to stand up to somebody.
- And she did. She was great.
- Yeah. Okay.
Do you want your kid just to be
another pretty face, Kelly?
Don't you want her to have some guts?
She stands up to you every week.
Every day, when you scream at her,
she stands up to you.
Miss Cathy had a bunch of kids
that don't even take from you anymore.
- That's ridiculous.
- You never produced anything.
Anything!
You make an ass of yourself, and they know
it just as well as everybody else.
- Well, I sleep at night.
- I do, too.
You think I lose sleep over you?
Do you think I've given up my whole life
and all the organizations that I belong to
to deal with that piece of crap? No.
She is dirt under my feet.
She hit me. There's no going back.
The minute she struck me,
she left the room.
She doesn't even walk in my circle.
She does not live in my world.
Chloe is a product of you.
She's been at your studios
since she was two.
- She's lazy. Fix it!
- And why don't you say do this?
- This is how you fix it.
- She doesn't!
I'm not a dance teacher. You tell me every
day. Chloe is your student.
You are a plagiarist because that little
girl is somebody else's student.
- You just put your name on her back.
- You're ridiculous.
Chloe was awful today.
Ooh.
We got some mama drama going on.
That's hard to watch. I mean, it's hard.
But here's the thing. I feel like Abby
just gets off on doing this.
And then she'll say, you know what,
because you guys [bleep] up,
sorry, I'm going to pull your daughter.
And I don't think it's fair.
Oh, really? You see that?
Because that's what I see.
- It's like she spent people--
- Do you see what I see?
Okay, but wait. I'm going to throw
a little wrench into this.
- Oh, stop with your wrenches.
- No, because, Christi, listen.
The one where you were upset,
you said,
"Oh well, Abby. Go ahead and replace me."
And I thought, wait a minute, replace you?
Wouldn't it be your
daughter she's replacing?
- Well, yes. Yes.
- Absolutely.
However, we go together.
I mean, Abby will be the first to say
that she looks at the child,
and she looks at the mom.
And she likes a mom
who can either make a costume
or pay someone who will make a costume.
So we're clearly a team.
So you guys always have to be
on your best behavior--
or your daughters get punished.
But I've been trying, this season,
to behave myself.
- And my kids still--
- Have you?
Yeah, I absolutely have been.
I have been.
I haven't been fighting with Abby
is what I should say.
So did you guys have a favorite moment
when you saw those clips?
- Just now?
- Oh, they're all lovely.
You know, look. Honestly, when I'm
at home watching the show
and there is the moment of,
you know, Christi packing her stuff,
and "We are out of here,"
and all of those moments
of people constantly leaving--
I want a montage of just the goodbyes.
Just, you know, there they are,
everybody's leaving,
and then they've come back.
- I'm done!
LISA: And now they're all leaving again.
- That's what we say-- I kinda like that.
- I'm done!
Those are my favorite moments.
I love Christi in a skin-tight dress
and 6 inch heels on her knees,
like, packing the bag.
So does my husband, Jeff.
So does my husband.
And then they come back,
and then they'll go,
"Oh, no, why is my daughter suspended?"
It's cause you guys quit,
and then you're back again.
But then, like it's shocking.
It's like-- sorry,
I know, I was team
Christie-- but, like--
NADINE RAJABI: I'm just saying-- Sorry.
- Nadine, you traitor.
I do have to say, though,
there is a lot of mom crying.
There's not a lot more mom drama
and mom crying on the show
than there is the kids.
- The kids are great.
- That's the part that I find interesting.
Now, you, I don't know if
I've ever seen shed a tear.
- Oh, I'm a mess.
- Have you?
- I've cried a couple times.
LISA: But the girls do not.
Now, I cry when wonderful
things happen to Chloe.
I'm like, [whining].
LISA: Right. You're a happy crier.
Speaking of kids,
Abby gave Chloe and Maddie
the same choreography
for a solo this season.
Why do you think she did that, Christi?
To shut me up because I kept saying,
put them on a level playing field.
I did. I said, put them on a level playing
field, and let's see where the chips fall.
JEFF: Let's see how that number turned
out. Take a look at this clip.
ANNOUNCER: Coming up
now is entry number 19
in the junior solo division.
Here's Chloe with "You Can."
[MUSIC - WIZARD OF OZ, "YOU CAN
BE ANYTHING"]
(SINGING) It takes a moment
to break a butterfly.
On the way up,
that's when you hear an angel cry.
Voices inside me
I still hear them say,
you can be anything,
anything, anything you dreamed of,
anything you dreamed of.
ANNOUNCER: Up next is entry number 20
in the junior solo division.
Here's Maddie with "Be Anything."
[MUSIC - WIZARD OF OZ, "YOU CAN
BE ANYTHING"]
(SINGING) It takes a moment
to break a butterfly.
On the way up,
that's when you hear an angel cry.
Voices inside me
I still hear them say,
you can be anything,
anything, anything you dreamed of,
anything you dreamed of.
[applause]
- So what was the outcome?
- Chloe won in the awards.
And Abby was sitting in the audience,
and she said, no, Maddie won.
And she went to the judges,
and she argued the point.
And she came back in, and--
what was it, 80 numbers that day?
And they misjudged one,
and it just happened to be Chloe's.
This is Dance Moms Chatter, and I've
got dance moms Christi, Kelly, and Kaya,
and comedians Nadine Rajabi and Lisa Arch
talking all things Dance Moms.
All right, there may be
no crying in baseball,
but there certainly are
some tears in television.
And it wouldn't be an episode of Dance
Moms without some waterworks.
Take a look at this.
Okay, stop crying. It's making it worse.
- I want to go home.
- What do you mean?
- You never leave the dance, Mad.
- No, my stomach just started to hurt.
- I don't know why.
- You never miss dance.
But we know you're a good friend,
and those who know you--
Just please stop, okay.
[crying]
Brooke, what's going on with your mom?
HOLLY: She's hyperventilating.
- Bad.
Come here. Just come with me.
Kelly, you're making me really scared.
- You're getting really--
HOLLY: Okay, Kelly Kelly.
Please, just take some deep breaths.
That's all.
I'm done.
She walked right into the curling iron.
Oh, sweetie.
[sobbing]
I'm going to ask you just to do for me--
just an apology.
Take him, and then we'll work it out.
I know that you guys don't understand
what Jalen does at his level.
- But he's very good at what he does.
- I know he is.
And he's working his ass off,
and you got some kid that comes in here
that you're praising that ain't putting in
half the effort he does.
- He's got a point, guys.
- That's BS.
- I should just go home.
- Okay, but, honey, but don't cry.
- Why are you crying?
- I don't want to let her down.
Awe, honey, I know you don't.
But you're not letting Miss Abby down.
It will let her down if you hurt it worse,
and she understands that.
You can't humiliate her
over, and over, and over.
- I know. I know.
- What is wrong with me?
You'll be okay. It's okay.
Don't be sad.
You looked beautiful for what you did do.
She reveled in doing that
to an 11-year-old.
- She did it-- she did it to my--
HOLLY: Your baby.
What are we doing to our kids?
You were so cute.
You never hurt anybody.
She made everybody smile.
- Come on, big mama. We got--
- Come on.
- I don't want to go in crying.
- Seriously. Come on.
Kids should cry when their arm is broken
and it's hanging off, or somebody died.
That's it.
- Oh.
JEFF: This is my favorite.
Sometimes people just cross the line.
Cathy crossed the line.
It's been a rough day,
and I've had enough.
[snorting]
I can't.
I just can't.
JEFF: --she's trying to breathe through
it.
[breathing heavily]
It's like Lamaze.
You're-- you're-- Sit.
- Everyone's like, here--
- I know, my God.
Your blood pressure.
I've never seen Abby like this.
I think losing to Cathy really got to her.
CHRISTI: Yes, I think so, too.
- It was losing.
- It wasn't the hitting by the purse.
- She's going to have a heart attack.
I got in a fight with a man earlier
who was belligerent.
Now I come in Cathy she brings three men
into the dressing room,
which I don't appreciate.
And then she whacks me with a purse.
Then I came in my dressing room,
and got in a fight
with my own student and her mother, Holly.
What goes around, comes around.
And karma's there when you need it.
So it's been a long day.
I was in the wrong. I know that.
I've had it.
I've had it. I've finished.
- Put on your Sasquatch cloak.
- Let me put on my cape.
It's a cloak.
JEFF: Whoa!
- It's a damn curtain.
LISA: It was a curtain.
Wait, I think Christi's got
something to say.
Jeff,
I was belligerent.
- I was beat by a little purse.
- By a man.
And then I called my mom.
Could you imagine her poor mother
on the other end of the phone?
How many times has she's said,
save your tears for your pillow
to our seven-year-olds.
And she's, like, 150, like, my mom.
- My mom.
KELLY: I'm calling my mom.
CHRISTI: Mom! [inaudible] there's a boy,
and he made me cry.
Abby, when she cries-- I don't know
if it's real tears,
but it's a little bit like
she has to think about it,
and then it's like, dead puppies,
dead puppies, dead puppies.
Oh, that was so wrong.
Watching Cathy cry truly is like
watching the Wicked Witch cry.
You think she's going to melt?
Everyone else I believe has
some sort of like feeling going on,
but watching Cathy cry is seriously,
like, I'll get you my pretty.
[sad cackle]
Why is Cathy a-- why is Cathy a--
Why is Cathy a witch
and Abby's not a witch?
Because anybody who wears
a golden retriever as a coat is a witch.
Which of the girls is the biggest crybaby?
- I think that's--
- Oh.
I don't know if that's a fair question,
but--
- Well, I think it depends on the week.
JEFF: Any of the children, though.
Do any of the kids use crying as a way--
Who throws their kids under the bus?
I don't.
- I'm going to say none.
JEFF: None of the girls.
Oh, Kaya raised her hand.
LISA: Kaya wants to throw
somebody under the bus.
JEFF: Who's a crybaby?
If you say Chloe,
I'm pulling out your weave.
You got one more weave threat today, okay.
I don't play about my weave.
- I do not play about my weave.
- --Chloe, I'm pulling out your weave.
I think Chloe cries a little too much,
and I think Paige cries, too.
- Paige! Really?
KAYA: Yeah.
I change my answer, it is Kendall.
She's the crybaby.
Don't tell her mom I said that.
She's a crybaby.
I would cry, too, if my mom
dressed like that, I mean--
Can I get an amen?
- So what do you girls think?
- I'm going to go with Kendall.
Look, I would say that
I think Maddie cries.
I remember Maddie crying more,
but I think because when Maddie
cries it's very dramatic.
They're are the tears of a real dancer.
- Dead puppies.
- So, I think-- yes.
JEFF: Those are tears from the theater.
Yes, they're theater tears!
That's what it is.
So when Maddie cries,
it just sticks in my brain.
Well I'm going to ask our guests.
I'm playing the role of Dr. Phil today.
Oh, Dr. Phil.
KELLY: Why don't we just
call you Dr. Collins?
- Do you just want to give us an exam?
JEFF: As you know--
JEFF: As you know, so many lessons,
so many lessons are learned
from watching Dance Moms. Can you ladies
wrap it up please, and tell us
what lessons you've learned
that you've applied to your own live?
Well, after that last conversation-- gosh.
I have learned that there is no more
dramatic exit than to say,
"That's it. I'm done."
LISA: That's the most important lesson.
- Amen.
LISA: Thank you. Thank you.
You're done.
And how about you? What life lessons have
you learned that you're applying
to your own life that are making you
a better person?
I've learned that no matter
what you wear,
and no matter what anybody says about you,
you can still keep dressing terribly
day after day.
Hey!
- Kaya, what have you learned?
- Not a damn thing.
I haven't.
I've learned how to argue more with--
with other women.
I haven't learned a thing.
You are welcome.
What is Chloe learning from all this? What
do you think she'll take away from it?
I think Chloe, as well as,
I think Paige is in the same boat
as Chloe--
I think that they are learning that
no one's going to hold them down.
I do. No one has told them
that they can do it,
they've all been told
that they're not good enough.
And something my dad has always told me,
that something that is benefiting my girl
is that--
--you're never going to win everything.
KELLY: There's always
somebody better out there.
And, you know what,
you're going out there and you're learning
how to be a good loser.
I believe that those kids are the ones who
will end up being the most successful.
I believe that the kids,
when they're really young
and they're told you're brilliant,
you're beautiful, you're always winning.
I really do believe it's the underdog
that, in the end--
- Absolutely.
JEFF: So you were making that point.
- It's easy to win.
It's hard to lose and persevere.
And I always say that to Melissa.
I always say, you know what,
Maddie's always used to winning,
what happens when she loses?
You know, how is she going to handle that?
Or, what happens when she just gets bored?
Exactly. You know-- I mean,
Paige is used to not winning.
And she's fine with that,
and she's happy for her friends winning.
And I don't know that Maddie can handle
her friends winning and her losing.
I don't know that Maddie can handle that.
All right, well, that's
about all we have time for.
I want to say a big thank
you to our dance moms
Christi and Kelly, Kaya.
To our comedians, Nadine and Lisa,
thank you so much.
You guys have been fantastic.
I'm Jeff Collins.
And this has been Dance Moms Chatter.
Join us next time for more dirt,
more dish, and much more drama,
and that will be Dance Moms style.
[cheering]
NARRATOR: Next time--
There's a rumor that you
and the bus driver are doing it.
I'm the boss,
and that's all there is to it.
I think Holly probably
has the biggest butt.
We see each other a lot, you know, naked.
Who do you think dresses
the worst on the show?
Kelly.
How do you manage to teach an entire class
without ever moving?
I believe that every child should dance.
Melissa needed to be taught a lesson.
You are unmovable.
I went right to the police station.